Requirements:

GNU sed
GNU grep
GNU coreutils
GNU wget
GNU tar
bzip2
zlib

Installation:

The recommened way is to use the './cfg.sh' script which is a wrapper
around a GNU autotools './configure' script. Besides that you build and
install the package as you are used to when compiling GNU software:

  ./cfg.sh
  make
  make install
  
The cfg.sh script takes the same arguments as the ./configure would but
it will force defaults derived from the detected GNU gcc installation for
the --prefix, --build, --host and --target arguments in order to override
the checks from config.guess which bypass the compiler.

These arguments will be shortly explained here:

  --prefix=PATH      Base installation directory
  --build=TRIPLET    The system which builds sw-utils
  --host=TRIPLET     The system for which the sw-utils are bulit.
  --target=TRIPLET   The system for which the sw-utils will build packages.

A triplet is a hyphenated string usually consisting of the following three
components:

  ARCH-KERNEL-OS
  
ARCH is the hardware (processor) architecture of the system. KERNEL is the
particular kernel running on the machine. OS is the operating system 
respectively the development toolchain running on the system.

Some possible architecture types for ARCH:

   i386      Generic x86 PC hardware.
   i486      x86 PC hardware with i486 optimizations.
   i586      x86 PC hardware with Pentium optimizations.
   i686      x86 PC hardware with Pentium Pro or higher optimizations.
   x86_64    AMD 64-bit architecture.
   
Some possible types of KERNEL:

   linux     The Linux operating system.
   darwin    Mac OS X or other darwin OS.
   
Some possible types of OS:

   gnu       A system using GNU glibc
   diet      A system using dietlibc

Examples of encountered triplets are Debian 4.0 or Ubuntu systems which 
target their toolchain to 'i486-linux-gnu'. 
RedHat and SuSE based distributions are a little odd, because their targets
are 'i386-redhat-linux' and 'i586-suse-linux' respectively. Those add vendor
information between the ARCH and KERNEL tokens, neglecting the OS token. 
When the 3rd token is 'linux' we assume that the preceding token is vendor 
information and that the system/toolchain is GNU glibc.
